hi so one friend it has a sequel that's
trying to copy what clue did back in the
80s where it's releasing two different
endings in two theaters I'm gonna a LAN
lest we get into it you have no idea how
this thing's gonna end now you don't
have to see the first one to watch this
one but you might want to see the second
one before I completely spoil it for you
in this video I'm gonna break down both
endings I'm gonna break down why you
should be using hooli chat over Skype
and how well none of it really makes any
sense
let me explain so right off the bat my
dude from slasher review sent me a pic
of the projection instructions that
they're sending out that pretty much
just spoil both endings one ending has
the reveal of the cuckoo ease that are
haunting them as being real people real
dark web hackers hence the title but the
other is that it's actually a really
really dark web and it's really demons
who did it all reason why this is a
little unsure if T is because while the
endings may be different right
everything before it ain't blow my house
ain't just giving out the budget of a
cake they eatin it too here's the thing
with that right it doesn't mean that
there still can't be a decent plum house
story in there maybe it's a double
ending gimmick but I'll break it down
and let you decide see the first one it
was very clear that it was all demons
right they were invading their chat they
were killing them one by one and at the
end it pretty much pins everything on
snot girl over here and then kills her
too which you know would have been way
more jacked up if you left her alive to
deal with it all but it seems you all
were in a hurry this one also kind of
feels that way because you know they
shot it in secret and I'm not gonna lie
I feel a little salty because my
favorite movie of the year is searching
and that's coming out in a couple of
weeks yet they did this gimmick and kind
of released his right before searching
is coming out to almost like scoop up
some of the attention so that when
searching comes out people may not be
looking at it in the most positive light
but I'm telling you watch searching
that ain't no gimmick this one however
has a dude who straight objective map
book from a coffee shop only to realize
that it belongs to a deadly hacker or a
demon depends what ending you gets and
movie passing gonna let you double
booked him and his buddies do this game
night on skype all the time they you
know I got these two who are getting
married this guy who is Hemsworth from
blackhat she mostly just sits there and
this man this man imagine if Ryan from
the office hosted his own Infowars main
dude also has a girlfriend who he's
trying to learn sign language for but
he's too lazy to
so my man would rather legit steve
wozniak a program that does it for him
instead of him going to the classes for
it that's actually the reason why he
stole the computer in the first place
since he needed more RAM to create that
but then my dude gets rammed with some
glitches see what the first ending you
got a group of deadly hackers who get
paid on the dark web to go kill people
and capture it for the highest bidders
online and these dudes are making
millions in Bitcoin that's why this
computer has like no space in it when he
first gets it because there's like poke
keeps he tapes that are being filed away
in here it's why the hackers find a way
to SWAT one of the dudes XO tor life
another and pretty much have the big
twist being that they actually left the
laptop to be found because they wanted
them to tamper with it so then they can
blame all of their killings on these
idiots right here and then the last who
gets run over cuz morons just standing
in the middle of the street pretty much
ending one is like a nerve meats John
wick where the dark web just pays the
hackers to kill people for fun and then
sends it out to them
the second ending is a demonic one and
again everything's literally the same
beforehand so now instead of them being
actual physical people who have this
like secret society online it's actually
demons who are doing things right so the
weird glitches that didn't make sense in
the first storyline where human hackers
were floating into places what how they
do because you know it's demons right
when they were magically hacking into
computers way that hackers would never
do oh okay well it's cuz it works for
the second one cuz they're demons and
everyone's a ghost you know it explains
what the dark web holes are called
sharon's which in greek mythology were
Hades minions who took souls down the
dark river which is exactly what this
minecraft server is called that they use
so in this one it doesn't really make
sense to frame these guys since well
they're demons the police can't really
arrest you yet they still keep that bit
for the last ending by the way if I had
to pick I wish they got rid of the ghost
glitches and kept the first ending right
it obviously didn't work for me but I
get that the gimmick is to get more
butts in seats maybe some people will
want to see it twice but for me in the
meantime I'm just sticking or writing
letters thinking after checking out this
video I'm Kirsten your thoughts on it to
me it was just a stream and I think it's
got a very interesting ending where it's
these hackers who are setting people up
the second ending being just demons
makes me wonder why the demons even need
it to frame anybody or you know just
just keep doing your demon thing but I'm
curious to know your thoughts on it
there's a there's a little bit
theory out there that the colors for the
username of the sharon's will switch I
think one is blue and when it's red and
depending on what color they are
that will also kind of give you a hint
of what your ending is going to be the
blue I believe being the the human
angers and then the red being the ghost
hackers but let me know your thoughts on
this movie or anything else down below
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you some Norton
AntiVirus security